Python Package Template
=======================

This repository holds an example starting point for python packages.

Autogenerated, github-hosted example documentation can be found `here <https://n-wbrown.github.io/python_package_template/>`_.

TODO:
 - Add support for conda recipes and the environment.yml
 - Landscape integration doesn't quite work yet 
 - Not quite sure if branch protection is what makes doctr unpredictable for first time docs builds - confirm later
 - ``.coveragerc`` may need some work
 - setup file is untested 
 - Not sure if versioneer works properly 

Pre-flight checklist:
 - Git configuration
  - remove the .git repository and replace it with your own using ``git init``. Connect to your new repository using ``git add remote origin [address]``
  - Enable Travis and Codecov for your new repository
 - Travis
  - Enable Travis for your new repository
  - Alter the ``OFFICIAL_REPO`` and ``ENV_NAME`` environment variables. ``OFFICIAL_REPO`` should point at the central repository (the source of all forks).
 - CodeCov
  - Enable Codecov for the repository. Travis will handle the rest. 
 - Doctr
  - If you do not wish to use doctr, simply comment out the conditional block in the ``script``of the ``.travis.yml``
  - ``pip install doctr`` from and run ``doctr configure``. Follow the instructions. Make sure to use to replace the ``.enc`` file with your own and update the ``- secure`` field in the ``.travis.yml``
  - For the first build of the docs, it may be necessary disable branch protection. Reenable it after the docs have been built for the first time.
  - You may need to enable github pages from the settings tab. By default, doctr builds to the gh-pages branch. 
 - Docs
  - The sphinx docs may be rebuilt from scratch using ``sphinx-quickstart``. This is optional however. 
  - If you do rebuild the docs from scratch make sure to enable the ``.nojekyll`` file and ensure that the makefile is contained in the first level of the ``docs`` folder
  - If you do NOT rebuild the docs, make sure to edit ``docs/conf.py`` with your info. 
 - Naming
  - rename your package folder from ``package_name``
 - Update README.rst with your own info

